---
title: 英语作文高级句
date: 2019-05-18 20:56:43
tags:
categories:
- 英语
---

###### 第一课

The past several years have witnessed a booming economy in China. However, it is increasingly difficult for college undergraduates to find a decent job.

- booming  adj. 生机勃勃
- decent  adj.   得体的， 相当好的

  

There are several factors contributing to this social phenomenon. To begin with, the job market is getting gloomy and competition is becoming fierce.

- gloomy adj. 忧郁的，低迷的

  

Moreover, the expectations of employment play an important part. A large number of graduates tend to give first priority to earnings and aim for well-paid position in foreign companies or big banks.

- priority  n. 优先

  

Last but not least, many employers do require job applicants to have a degree relate to the job.

- degree   n.学历

  

One has to have additional education to get an edge. Education is indeed a worthwhile investment in the  future.

- edge   n. 优势



######  第二课

Regular physical activity can strengthen the heart and make us fit and healthy.

+ strengthen    v. 加强



A lack of physical activity can increase our risk of health problems.

+ lack   n. 缺乏



Exercises can also improve mental health by reducing our stress level.

+ mental  adj. 心理的
+ physical health 
+ psychological       心理的
+ physiological      生理的



This is especially important for people leading fast-paced lives.

+ fast-paced adj. 快节奏
+ lead a life    过着 ... 的生活
+ I led a dog's life    过着穷困潦倒的生活



Moreover, exercise can still help to boost our self-confidence and give us a greater sense of control.



总结：

+ make us fit and healthy
+ improve our mental health
+ reduce our stress level
+ people leading fast-paced lives
+ boost our self-confidence
+ give us a greater sense of control       更好的控制自己



###### 第三课

Reading is of utmost importance to one's life. Firstly, a good book is our faithful friend.

+ faithful   adj.  忠诚的



Reading can increase our knowledge and skills, broaden our horizons, and enrich our life.

+ horizon    n. 地平线



Secondly, reading can relax our mind and release our pressure.

+ release     v. 释放



Finally, reading can enable us to make more friends/widen our circle of friends.



总结：

+ increase our knowledge and skills
+ widen our circle of friends
+ enrich our life
+ release our pressure
+ relax our mind
+ broaden our horizon



###### 第四课

Idol worship has become one of the most important representatives of popular culture in China. The past several years have seen the idol worshipping craze.

+ worship  n. 崇拜
+ representative   **n.**代表   adj. 有代表性的
+ craze   n. 疯狂



There are several reasons behind this trend.



The primary factor lies in education system. Nowadays, school pays much attention to students' studies and exams, but overlooks their psychological status. Therefore, students have to look for their role model in real life.

+ overlook   v. 忽视
+ psychological  adj.  心理的
+ role model     n. 行为榜样



Secondly, it is the mass media that should be blamed. Pop singers and all the other entertainers always present their glamorous appearance and personality that young people desire to have. However, young people are just not mature enough to tell fact from fiction.

+ glamourous   adj.  有魅力的
+ fiction   n. 小说；虚构，编造；谎言



总结：

+ idol worship   偶像崇拜
+ There are several reasons behind this trend   有一些原因可以解释这个现象
+ overlook students' psychological status
+ role model   榜样
+ It is the mass media that should be blamed.   大众传媒应该被批判
+ tell fact from fiction   明辨是非



###### 第五课

The Internet could exert a huge impact on our traditional cultures. Over the course of thousands of years, the Chinese people have created their own unique customs and traditions, and passed them on from one generation to the next.

+ course  n. 过程， 进程， 课程



However, a growing number of people become increasingly concerned that China's cultural heritage could become marginalized or even disappear entirely.

+ marginalize    v. 边缘化
+ margin   边缘，边际



The Internet has brought more and more western cultures to China and children are more likely to be exposed in the western cultures.

+ be exposed   被暴露，接触



There is a danger that age-old customs and traditions may become lost in the shadows of modernization.

+ age-old     adj. 年久的，老的



总结：

+ 代代传承： pass them on from one generation to the next
+ 变得边缘化：become increasingly marginalized
+ children are more likely to be exposed in western cultures
+ a growing number of young people have created their own Wechat and microblog
+ disappear in the shadows of modernization





###### 第六课

We are suffering greatly from the environmental destruction.



Recent years have witnessed a rapid increase in the number of urban motor vehicles.

+ vehicle
+ urban 都市/  rural   农村
+ increase   n. / adj.



Their emissions contribute significantly to air pollution and are a major ingredient in creation of smog in some large cities.

+ significantly   显著的
+ ingredient   成分
+ emit  排放 v.   emission n.
+ smog   烟雾 smoke + fog
+ netizen   网民



The fundamental way in which the government addresses the problem of environmental pollution is to raise the environmental awareness of the public.

+ 解决问题从2方面出发，一个是个人，一个是政府

Environmental protection is caring about ourselves and ensuring environmental sustainability for future generation.



###### 第七课

Indeed, there is much controversy over the definition of happiness, which should be discussed beforehand.

+ controversy  争议



Some people believe earning a huge amount of money is happiness, because they can buy whatever they want. They can buy an expensive car and a luxurious house.



Others believe that happiness does not lie in the mere possession of money. It lies in the joy of achievement.

+ lie in ...    在于



if one gets a nice grade in the exam, he will feel the happiness.



As far as I am concerned, happiness lies in contentment.

+ contentment    n.  满意度

















