---
title: 19-05-29 写作高级词汇
date: 2019-05-29 15:43:10
tags:
categories:
- 英语
---



###### 第一课

1. 替换 indicate, suggest,  fear

   **be indicative of**
   **be suggestive of**
   **be fearful of** 

   The clouds  **are indicative of** the coming of rain.

   I **am suggestive of ** trying once more.
   We are fearful of time!

   

2. 替换 cause
   **give rise to**
   **lead to**
   **result in**
   **trigger**
   A bad tooth can **trigger/give rise to/lead to** acute pain.

   

3. 替换  ... reason for sth.
   reason **behind** sth.

   There are several reasons **behind** sth.

   I tried to determine the reasons **behind** his actions.



4. 替换 want
   **desire**
   I **desire** nothing besides this.



5. 替换 pay attention to
   **pour attention into**
   We should **pour attention into** this from the very beginning.



###### 第二课

6. 替换remember
   **bear in mind that / bear in mind**
   I shall **bear in mind ** your advice
   Always bear in mind that all you have is given by your parents.



7. 替换 have
   **enjoy** 享有

   **possess**占有

   He **possesses** great knowledge about the Middle East.
   People in this country **enjoy** a high standard of living.



8. 替换 communication
   **interaction**
   This can sometimes lead to somewhat superficial **interactions** with other people.



9. 替换 be against, disagree with sth.
   **frown on sth.**      frown  vi. 皱眉；不同意
   The manager frown on your proposal.

   Doesn't she frown upon that kind of behavior?



10. 替换 for example, for instance  

    **to name only a few**

    **as an example**


11. ___(几乎) impossible， 替换 nearly / almost
    **next to / virtually**
    The lights create such a glare it's next to impossible to see anything behind them.

